Fallback encodings (#15)
zopefoundation/zodbupdate: CHANGES.rst

1.2 (unreleased)
----------------

> - Enable fallback encodings for old/grown ZODBs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable fallback encodings for Python 3 conversion for old/grown ZODBs using
   the new command line option ``--encoding-fallback``.
  (`#15 <https://github.com/zopefoundation/zodbupdate/pull/15>`_)
```

> - Switch to use `argparse` b/c `optparse` is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switch to use `argparse` as `optparse` is deprecated.
```
